all right everyone ready yeah all right
let's go wah oh dude my guy is like
seriously the sexiest though let us go
and then Troy Johansson's vagina Wow
Souter kala over here sweet I totally
love soda like that's that's totally my
favorite reward ever actually I always
forget to use it though that's my
frickin problem that's it that's why I
put it on the bar you forget what you
have on your barn yeah it's not even
like I don't know I I just always forget
to use it like I have one attack of the
fan I have a move that uh that heals but
and I use that too much but then
whatever it's recharging I always forget
oh hey I have sodas on my hotbar 24/7
whatever I'll take that stammers guess
we saved those Amazon's and then they
helped us you guys this thing is really
easy though he's like literally will
poop on him in like four minutes all
right I'm pretty good at pooping yeah
you are practicing since I was born
uh I got a face don't tell my about to
break this my contracts aren't even
showing up like when I pull up the my
number two which is my like spirits or
whatever like it's not even showing up
on my screen yeah
expecto patronum Wingardium Leviosa look
at this see how much for pooping on this
bitch oh well this is me and ham I know
it's just a little level 9 I know right
we're not a good job as our healers
you underestimate level 9 exactly dude
wait you guys hey slow down
douchebags no just hurry up I got
choppers on him there you go
hey Dan this is the movie I was talking
about oh that's cool
yeah you know it I don't take any damage
during this phase and I also hurt
everyone around me that's good man I'm
hurt and it doesn't have a hoedown
really yeah
like not any cooldown yeah I can now I
can use it right now right after it's
finished and you know you can turn into
an ice cube man right thanks dude that's
just a perk of being Ice Ice Man oh no
you have to use it so like you have to
use a specific it's kind of like at
random but like if you use like a
specific type of ability like five times
there's something that turns you into an
icicle and then you basically take no
damage you look into it oh this Amazon
blaze
I'm gonna read that all right I'm gonna
go check wait into the battle oh yeah
you can have that dude I love your sake
wait move right look at look at this
poop right now I mean how much we're
pooping on all of them
yeah d'oeuvre circle lane none to fuck
with my PSN PvP oh we should invite him
too oh we already did my right am
fucking electricity all around me on my
arms yeah now looks so gay it's a power
oh sweet yeah thank you okay this is
like the longest see never look at her
crotch you could literally see hey no
this is like annoying as hell it's like
the most annoying thing like why is it
doing okay yeah okay so nobody try and
fight her everyone just blow up these
fucking giant ice thing oh god these
things know it Lara
he got hit like a mouse god damnit ham
now we don't have healer no everyone
call evil fuck died no don't fight her
just blow these things up walk to them
walk up to them and it will blow up and
he'll actually like send me flying every
time exactly us them no but it we can
see until eventually Lu Lu's hair form
and she'll be able to be attacked
because she can't be attacked i knows
this Giganta there got it
do I still keep breaking the things I
don't think you active all right but I'm
gonna go for this exclamation point I'm
gonna let you finish how are you good
thank us for this Mike I know how
awesome my boobs are ever sorry you got
locked out wait I want to watch this
cutscene really I don't know it's not a
good one it just looks cool she's like
on her blog just because they're
stronger did I especially hate when they
try to make
like they are okay nevermind it's not on
the blog I'm done there was on the blog
oh whatever
screw you d it was like fucking power
drill depth log calm or something like
that whatever history but the two
thought was over that was actually a
cool phi cos alpha